# CS230
Operating Platforms <br>
  Throughout this course we aimed to provide solutions for our client, The Gaming Room. This fictional company had a successful web-based game called Draw It or Lose It and they presented our firm with a desire to expand this game to new platforms. The client gave us express requirements such as ensuring only one instance of the game is in the memory at a time and to create unique identifiers for all of the games attributes. While we did work on some prototype code to implement this product, our main objective was to deliver a software design document analyzing the problem and providing a recommendation to the client. In my document, the technical aspects and challenges of the client's requests were laid out in a very organized and detailed manner. However, at times this description may have been too technical and in the future, my analyses should be better tailed to a general audience. This document required the interpretation of requests into a bonafide plan of action which creates the challenge of delivering a feasible proposal that satisfies the client. At the end of the day, the client's goals take precedent above all and a proficient software engineer must be able to work with the client to create the product which was requested. The prototype application presented in this course succeeded in creating a functional product which met the requirements of the client. The success of this program rests within the ability to iterate and modify the plan of action as development proceeds. A proficient engineer must be able to adapt to changing client needs and to admit failure with the expectation to continue to try other methods. Persistance, communication, and ingenuity form the trio of attributes which lead to success in the field of software engineering.
